I dare not
Baifeng Shangshen
I was wrong.
I didn't know he was your friend.
I apologize to you for being blind.
Mei Feng God of War
You see my mother is still detained by them
Ah bastard
You fools
Don't let go of the old man, hey, hey, dad, hey dad
Let him go
Come on, hit me
Kill me sorry bro
I didn't know you knew Meifeng God of War
Why don't I know Meifeng God of War?
A commoner deserves to be bullied by you
No, it wasn't me, I was wrong.
And you want to kill me
Come on, do you have it?
And steal my woman
And his company, no, no, no, no.
These people who bring disaster to the country and the people
You know what to do with it, right?
I will send them all to the dark prison
Never see the light hum
To deal with these evil people should be completely destroyed
How did it go?
I said that today I will cut off the life of your Zhao family
Did it? Sorry.
Brother, please forgive me